
Valderheim -
X - Wide, easy to hit, med-damage & high knockback.
	Combo-time: A spin that lasts for a set period. The player can still move whilst spinning.
Y - Overhead with high-damage. 
	Combo-time: A quick kick that launches the hammer back onto Valdy’s shoulder.
B - Deal & take double damage for a set period. Can also interrupt any other attack.
A - A quick-step dodge.
Passives - Deals more damage as health decreases. 
	Combo-Time: using X, Y or A opens combo-time. Whilst in combo-time, X becomes a spin & Y becomes a kick upward.

Songbird -
X - A simple dagger attack. 
	Doubles the Poison on the target.
	Deals extra damage.
	Gains low knockback.
Y - A cloud that rolls outward from Songbird, ending in a static cloud.
	Poisons enemies for X ticks for each tick spent in it. 
	Boosts f1riends’ damage by 25%.
	Explodes on impact, dealing high knockback to everything caught inside.
B - Shake-up. Change your vial type between 3 types (Poison, Adrenaline & Boom)
A - A short range dash, that leaves a small cloud of the current gas.
Passive - Vial types, Poison, Adrenaline & Boom.

Carman - 
X - Dagger Slash, a damaging dagger swing. Can combo into Headbutt with Y. During Cursehunter, can combo into Demonslayer with Y or another Dagger Slash with X.
Y - Headbutt, a powerful knockback effect. Or, during Cursehunter, use Shadowstep instead.
B - Tattoo Trap, places a trap at your feet that Curses the first enemy who travels over it.
A - Dodge Roll, a dodge roll. Combos into Headbutt with Y, or Dagger Slash with X. 
Shadowstep - Teleport behind a Cursed enemy whilst in Cursehunter.
Demonslayer - A Shadowstep followed up with a powerful stab, dealing huge damage. Consumes the target’s Curse.
Passives - Cursehunter. Carman gains speed and new moves when within the Curse Circle of an enemy.

Jester - 
X - 
Y - 
B - 
A - 
Passive - 

Skjegg -
X - A swing of the tache, covers the area in front of Skjegg. Returns 1 Hair for each enemy hit. 
	If Amped: can infinitly chain into itself, however this does not return more Hair.
Y - 
	If unamped: A ground-slam that deals high damage, but no knockback. Returns 1 Hair for each enemy hit.
	If Amped: Consume all hair to deal that much multpilicative damage in a bigger radius.
B -
	If unamped: lose 7 health to gain 1 Hair. 
	If Amped: you consume 6 hairs to create a floating Doll. This doll explodes when hit with any damage.
A - 
Passive - Take Hair from enemies when you hit them with melee attacks. Whilst you have 7 or more Hairs, you enter an Amped state.

Gyffan -
X - Quickslash - A melee axe attack, dealing low-mid damage. Can be canceled/comboed into Quickstep. 
Y - Quickstrike - A close-range scatter shot attack, that deals mid-damage. Can be canceled/comboed into the Quickstep.
B - Quickshot - Chug a small vial of poison and become poisoned. 
A - Quickstep - A short-range dodge-step with Iframes. Can combo into all other moves, including Quickstep.
Passive - Quickstyle - Whilst poisoned, you deal extra damage & gain extra speed. However, each action that isn’t Quickshot increases your poison timer by a small margin. The more poisoned you are, the bigger the bonuses. 






